Enhance docs on compile time flags (#554)
crystal-lang/crystal-book: docs/syntax_and_semantics/compile_time_flags.md

# Compile-time flags

Compile-time flags are boolean values provided through the compiler via a macro method.
They allow to conditionally include or exclude code based on compile time conditions.

There are several default flags provided by the compiler with information about compiler options and the target platform.
User-provided flags are passed to the compiler, which allow them to be used as feature flags.

## Querying flags

A flag is just a named identifier which is either set or not.
The status can be queried from code via the macro method [`flag?`](https://crystal-lang.org/api/1.2.1/Crystal/Macros.html#flag%3F%28name%29%3ABoolLiteral-instance-method). It receives the name of a flag as a string or symbol
literal and returns a bool literal indicating the flag's state.

The following program shows the use of compile-time flags by printing the target OS family.

```cr
{% if flag?(:unix) %}

>   puts "Compiling for a UNIX-like operating system"
> {% elsif flag?(:windows) %}
>   puts "Compiling for Windows"

Reviewer: It's confusing that it says "compiling" as the currently ongoing action but it says that *at runtime*

```suggestion
  puts "This program is compiled for a UNIX-like operating system"
{% elsif flag?(:windows) %}
  puts "This program is compiled for Windows"
```

{% else %}
  # Currently, all supported targets are either UNIX or Windows platforms, so
  # this branch is practically unreachable.
  puts "Compiling for some other operating system"
{% end %}
```

There's also the macro method [`host_flag?`](https://crystal-lang.org/api/1.2.1/Crystal/Macros.html#host_flag%3F%28name%29%3ABoolLiteral-instance-method)
which returns whether a flag is set for the *host* platform, which can differ
from the target platform (queried by `flag?`) during cross-compilation.

## Compiler-provided flags

The compiler defines a couple of implicit flags. They describe either the target platform or compiler options.

### Target platform flags

> Platform-specific flags derive from the [target triple](http://llvm.org/docs/LangRef.html#target-triple).

Author: These tables list the flags that one can see on platforms that are supported by the compiler and standard library.
